Thank you very much. When you hear this sound of the recording, you can start.
Here is our report of the results of your Airbnb. Investment Analysis.
So we'll be going over the intro. The data and how the numbers add up, really excited to show our interactive dashboard with what of scenarios.
And then we will come to a conclusion with. Aable result and. The next steps.
So I'll be going over the goals, context we're working in and the most important factors.
We already know that. To have a vacation giveaway for 4 weeks that leaves us with 336 days available for rental income.
And we're working within your goals regarding location, being close to your city of Resonant at the Bay.
The location we decided is Fort Lauderdale and you can see the neighborhoods we have highlighted.
Are the ones we think. Are particularly suitable for this, which are Fort Lauderdale, Waterville by C and Oakland Park.
Hey, PIs are going to be the price per day the price of the Airbnb mental and the occupancy rate.
The most important question is what price per day. We would need to set to break even. We know that the revenue is going to be the price of the A and B times the occupancy rate.
So the revenue minus the mortgage payments or expenses has to be greater or equal to 0. Another important question is what other set of conditions will lead to a higher chance of bookings and or higher
We are working with the hypothesis to use average price per day as a price. That, because a matter of central tendency is what most people have been doing with their business, it's more tried and true.
So we're gonna show our different variables affect price per day, with a fixed house condo price.
Determine the price to set based off these calculations. And then we will present nice house options, which is the fun part once we get there, that you can decide upon that are all within these goal parameters.
And now Colton will take it away with the data and the interactive dashboard.
Thank you, Eric. So we took a few liberties with assuming some things. We decided that within your range a $400,000 home with a 10% down payment was pretty reasonable.
We figured in some interests some insurance and tax and stuff like that and the highlight here is that your yearly payments are just over 36,000.
With that, we're going to show you guys the dashboard that we created for you.
So here we can see that our. Dashboard is based on 2 bedroom homes, condos, etc, from the 3 neighborhood.
That we picked for you guys. If you can accommodate between 4 and 6 people, you can see that's kind of a sweet spot for price.
For, for the 2 bedroom homes. So if you were to get a couple extra beds or something like a pull out couch, we think it'd be it could be a real benefit for you ladies.
And additionally down here in the bottom right we show you what your break even price is for a given occupancy rate that you can adjust your prices accordingly.
So I'm curious, would I be able to get? Different perhaps. Higher accommodates or bed if I were to adjust the average.
Sure. So.
Price for any of the I mean the neighborhood. Could you actually? You know, like holding in on certain neighborhoods.
Sure, so if we look at Oakland Park, which is what a couple of our recommendations are, you can see that the data here does change and your sweet spots actually up for and you can see that reflected in the beds as well.
But one thing to keep in mind is that Oakland Park by itself doesn't have nearly as many data points.
So really you should kind of look at both to make your decision.
That's really cool, Colden. I also have a question. Is there a way for us to know the break even price if our occupancy rate was higher or lower?
Sure, so over here we've created an interactive portion of this slider so that you can determine if you're having a really good year you occupancy rate 75% You can see your break even price goes down.
But if it's if it's a slow year, it's your occupancy is 50%.
You see your break even price goes up. And we found that the point where the break even price is closest to the average price is whether on occupancy rate.
Of 55% so we think that should be your goal. With that, we'll go back to the presentation.
I will hand it off to Camille for conclusions.
Awesome. Thank you so much, Colton, and thank you for answering those questions. Alright, and I'm gonna go over a little bit of our summary to go over what we discussed, some suggestions and our next steps.
So what we found, we found 2 homes that meet all of your requested requirements and all the most of the amenities, also meet these requirements.
We found through our data analysis that the booking price at 195 about a night. Would be.
The 55% occupancy rate and this would be our break even price and this would be based on a $400,000.
We also know based on our data that we can adjust the price according to our occupancy rate changes.
So we have a couple options for you. We have our cool condo and our pink paradise. Both of these homes meet our requirements and the hardest decision is for you to pick.
And going forward for our next steps, we suggest that you contact whichever property you think suits your personality the best.
We also suggest that you contact us quarterly to review your internal and external data since we will be able to adapt and adjust to real time data fluctuations.
So any environmental changes or economic changes within Florida. We also suggest that you contact us if you'd like to go further into analysis for any cleaning expenses or other kind of expenses.
Awesome, and that wraps up our presentation. Thank you guys so much for your time and attention.
Again, we are the sunbox. Please contact us for any follow up questions. And we will see you on the sunny side.
And our